 Flext - A Mootools Based Flexible TextArea Class
 version 1.0 - for mootools 1.2
 by Graham McNicoll
 
 Copyright 2008-2009 - Education.com
 License:	MIT-style license.

Features:
  - Grows text areas when needed
  - Can set a max height to grow to
  - Grows parents if they have a fixed height
  - Ghost text replacement
  - Text input emulation (enter can submit form, instead of new line)

Todo: 
  - Possible make the textareas shrink as well
  - Change the way the ghosting works

Usage:

  include the source somewhere on your page. Textareas must have the class name: 'flext'
  for the class to start watching them. Use the class names to trigger features.
 
   'growme' -  grow the text area
   'maxheight-[num]' - The max height to grow (in pixels)
   'stopenter' - stop the enter key
   'entersubmits' - submit the form when enter is pressed
   'replaceghosttext' - tries to use the ghosted text features
   'growparents' - grow the parent elements if needed

  if replaceghosttext is on, then you need to add two more attributes to the textarea. 
  'ghosttext' contains a copy of the original ghost text (needed for matching initial conditions),
  and 'ghostclass' which contains a class name to remove when the ghosting is removed (which 
  is used to remove ghosting color).
 
Examples: 

  A simple growing text area: -

    <textarea name='mytext' class='flext growme maxheight-200' ></textarea>

   It will find this text area by the class name, 'flext', and the 'growme' 
   class will tell it to grow until the max size, as given by the 'maxheight-[num]'
   class (integer, in pixels).

  Textarea which will grow the parent elements (if needed) -
 
    <textarea name='mytext' class='flext growme growparents maxheight-200' ></textarea>

   This is the same as above, except it will also grow any parent elements which 
   have explicitly set heights when the textarea expands ('growparents'). Using an element with an 
   explicit height is uncommon in normal html, but Fx.Slide and other js can make such elements. 


 Adv. example:
 
  <textarea name='mytext' class='flext growme stopenter entersubmits replaceghosttext ghost-text growparents maxheight-60' ghosttext='enter something here' 
ghostclass='ghost-text'>
    enter something here
 </textarea>

   This example not only grows, but simulates a text input, in that 'enter' 
   will not be passed to the textarea ('stopenter') instead it will submit 
   the form ('entersubmits'). It also has ghosted text replacement and class 
   changing. When this textarea receives focus, it will remove the default 
   text (ghosttext property), and remove the class as specified by the 
   ghostclass property. Use of these features as currently coded requires
   non valid xhtml, so dont use it if you require valid markup. (its on my list to fix)
 

Notes:

  You can also instantiate this class manually, by leaving off the 'flext' class from 
  any textareas, and instantiate a new class usual with the first variable being the 
  textarea element, and the second the options object.
